Move to using ID variable so it is easier to cut and paste examples (#32)
jessepeterson/kmfddm: docs/quickstart.md

```sh
export BASE_URL='http://[::1]:9002'
export API_KEY='kmfddm'

> export ID="2FF3196C-CACE-4AFE-9918-01C38160006F" # This will need to match your test machine's UUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# This will need to match your enrollment ID. 
# For macOS device enrollments this is the same as the hardware UUID in System Preferences.
# Note this is not required for the helper tools/scripts. This is just an aid for this QuickStart guide.
export ID="2FF3196C-CACE-4AFE-9918-01C38160006F" 
```

```

The base URL is where KMFDDM is running and the API key is what you gave to the `-api` switch when you started KMFDDM. The shell scripts are simple `curl` wrapprs that access KMFDDM's REST-ish API and need to know where it is running and how to authenticate.

> ID is the HardwareUUID of the client which is enrolled to the mdm.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ID is the enrollment ID of the MDM client. Often this will be the UDID of the device. For example in macOS this is the same as the hardware UUID in System Preferences.

```
